
# ChangeLog

## 1.1.3

* Improved cache hits

## 1.1.2

* Sort results that can explain more matches above those with less, even if the others covers more characters

## 1.1.1

* Percent coverage should include spaces between matches, otherwise a fully covered string would never reach 100%

## 1.1.0

* Added result caching

## 1.0.3

* Bugfix: Some cases would sort a low-level submatch over a higher one. Now matchlevel is set accordingly and sorted with if coverage are equal

## 1.0.2

* Bugfix: Coverage was not set for parent matchers in the case of a successful submatch. This meant that sometimes a first-level match would be ranked lower (treated as a submatch) when another submatch was found.

## 1.0.1

* Bugfix: When using smart search / submatching - don't count whitespace as coverage. This caused /germany/ in first level to gain less priority than /( |^)germany( |$)/ in USA (second level).
* Bugfix: Fix a certain case where a Limit set to 1 would gain -1 (unlimited) interpretation

## 1.0.0

This is a major version which breaks backwards compatibility.

* Changed API: HashRules#process now takes a single string and returns a new hash
* Added submatch feature to find results (deeply) nested even if a top level couldn't match.
* HashRules no longer cleans string before process (such as removing - and /), this is now the responsibility of the application.

## 0.2.3

* Fix issue with using both and strings (it would only accept no-class and regex before)

## 0.2

* Add matcher keywords both() for applying AND operator and no() for negating an expression
* Change name to sc-hashrules
